# Architecture Review Reflection

### Based upon your notes from the technical review, synthesize the feedback you received addressing your key questions. How do you plan to incorporate it going forward? What new questions did you generate?
Using the Force AI seems to be the best way to move forward. People seemed enthused by the Force AI so we are going to use that model and start researching about how to implement it.

There was mixed responses about which style of game we should do (2 AIs vs. Player and AI interaction). Feedback included that if it were a 2 AI situation, user input would be interesting to include (ie: add walls in the middle of the game). However, if the AIs had distinct and successful personalities, playing against the AI as a user would also be interesting. Because we will have to build 2 AIs running against each other anyway, we will reevaluate the final user interactions once we start working on stretch goals.

### How did the review go? Did you get answers to your key questions? Did you provide too much/too little context for your audience? Did you stick closely to your planned agenda, or did you discover new things during the discussion that made you change your plans? What could you do next time to have an even more effective technical review?
We got good responses to our questions that will help us make decisions. Our focus group was much more excited about using a force-base AI algorithm, which validated our feelings and helped us make our decision to go forward with that AI. They also gave us interesting information about how they saw the user to interact with the program. We feel that we gave appropriate context for the questions we were asking. We stuck pretty close our agenda so we had plenty of time for both discussions (we had made time for that). The NINJAs pointed out a few things to think about (data structures, how to store AIs). We feel that we could have communicated the end goal of our project more clearly and made it more clear about what we wanted to learn from the project. In hindsight, we could have also tailored the discussion to the team we were presenting to (would have made sense to talk about architecture of code).
